feat: add rule LambdaEventSourceSQSVisibilityTimeout (#1813)
cdklabs/cdk-nag: RULES.md

| ------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| LambdaFunctionUrlAuth                 | The Lambda Function URL allows for public, unauthenticated access.                                         | AWS Lambda Function URLs allow you to invoke your function via a HTTPS end-point, setting the authentication to NONE allows anyone on the internet to invoke your function.                                                                                                                                                          |

> | LambdaEventSourceSQSVisibilityTimeout | SQS queue visibility timeout of Lambda Event Source Mapping is at least 6 times timeout of Lambda function | Setting the visibility timeout to [at least 6 times the Lambda function timeout](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-configure-lambda-function-trigger.html) helps prevent configurations resulting in duplicate processing of queue items when the Lambda function exectuion is retried. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| LambdaEventSourceSQSVisibilityTimeout | The SQS queue visibility timeout of Lambda Event Source Mapping is less than 6 times timeout of Lambda function. | Setting the visibility timeout to [at least 6 times the Lambda function timeout](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-configure-lambda-function-trigger.html) helps prevent configurations resulting in duplicate processing of queue items when the Lambda function execution is retried. |
```
